Add FAQ section to Portable Mode Docs (#797)
MicrosoftDocs/terminal: TerminalDocs/distributions.md

You can upgrade a portable mode installation of Windows Terminal by moving the `.portable` marker file and the
`settings` directory to a newly-extracted unpackaged version of Windows Terminal.

### Portable mode FAQs

#### Why don't ms-appdata URLs work in Portable mode?

> Prior to portable mode, a common heuristic to reference images in `settings.json` would be to use `ms-appdata:///Local`. 

Reviewer: `heuristic` feels like a very strange word to use here. This is more of a "practice".

> Portable mode promises a terminal that is encapsulated in a separate folder (i.e. a flash drive). References to `ms-appdata` will not work in Portable mode however references `ms-appx` will. 

Reviewer: Honestly this doesn't explain _why_ it doesn't work.

```suggestion
Portable mode offers a self-contained Terminal installation, where user data and application data are stored in the same place. As there is no separate user data folder, references to such folder (e.g. with `ms-appdata`) will not work.

To refer to paths relative to the application install directory, use an `ms-appx:` URL.

To refer to paths relative to the settings directory, use the environment variable `%WT_SETTINGS_DIR%`.
```
